Update issue templates (#3)
sognet/sognet: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report

> about: Create a report to help us improve
> title: ''
> labels: ''
> assignees: ''
> 
> ---
> 
> **Describe the bug**
> A clear and concise description of what the bug is.
> 
> **To Reproduce**
> Steps to reproduce the behavior:
> 1. Go to '...'
> 2. Click on '....'
> 3. Scroll down to '....'
> 4. See error
> 
> **Expected behavior**
> A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.
> 
> **Screenshots**
> If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.
> 
> **Desktop (please complete the following information):**
>  - OS: [e.g. iOS]
>  - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
>  - Version [e.g. 22]
> 
> <!-- **Smartphone (please complete the following information):**
>  - Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
>  - OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]
>  - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]
>  - Version [e.g. 22] -->
> 
> **Additional context**
> Add any other context about the problem here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Report a bug to help us improve
title: '[Bug] '

---

## Description
<!-- A clear and concise description of the bug -->

## Steps to Reproduce
<!-- Detailed steps to reproduce the bug -->

1. 
2. 
3. 

## Expected Behavior
<!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen -->

## Actual Behavior
<!-- A clear and concise description of what actually happens -->

## Screenshots (optional)
<!-- If applicable, add screenshots to help explain the problem -->

## Environment
<!-- Information about the environment where the bug occurs (e.g., operating system, browser, device) -->

- OS: 
- Browser: 
- Device: 

## Additional Information
<!-- Add any other relevant information about the bug here -->

## Possible Solution (optional)
<!-- If you have a suggestion on how to fix the bug, provide it here -->
```
